Add release note for 1.21.0 and 1.16.1 (#4581)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/release-notes/1.21.0.mdx

---

> date: 2022-12-21

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-12-22
```

---

> date: 2022-12-20

Reviewer 2: Let's release it today! 😄

> date: 2022-12-20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-12-21
```

> date: 2022-12-20

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2022-12-21
```

---

## 🌟 New features

- You can now use <type://@RequestTimeout> to set a request timeout to annotated services and
  gRPC services. #4463 #4499
  ```java
  import com.linecorp.armeria.server.annotation.decorator.RequestTimeout;
  
  @RequestTimeout(value = 1, unit = TimeUnit.SECONDS) // 👈👈👈
  class MyAnnotationService {

>     // A request gets timed out in 1 second.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // A request gets timed out after 1 second.
```

    @Get("/fast/api")
    public CompletableFuture<MyResponse> fastApi() {
      ...
    }

>     // A request gets timed out in 5 second.

Reviewer: Since 5 is plural

```suggestion
    // A request gets timed out in 5 seconds.
```

>     // A request gets timed out in 5 second.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // A request gets timed out after 5 seconds.
```

    @RequestTimeout(value = 5, unit = TimeUnit.SECONDS) // 👈👈👈
    public CompletableFuture<MyResponse> slowApi() {
      ...
    }
  }
  ```
- You can now set the default `MeterRegistry` by implementing a custom <type://FlagsProvider>. #4541
  ```java
  public class CustomFlagsProvider implements FlagsProvider {
    @Override
    public MeterRegistry meterRegistry() {
      return PrometheusMeterRegistries.newRegistry(); // 👈👈👈
    }
  }
  ```
- You can now set the default <type://HttpHeaders> to <type://Server>, <type://VirtualHost> and
  <type://Service>. #4520
  ```java
  static AsciiString CUSTOM_HEADER =
    HttpHeaderNames.of("x-custom-header");

  Server
    .builder()
    .setHeader(CUSTOM_HEADER, "server-default-header")
    .virtualHost("foo.com")
    .setHeader(CUSTOM_HEADER, "vhost-default-header").and()
    .route()
    .path("/foo")
    .setHeader(CUSTOM_HEADER, "service-default-header")
  ```

> - You can now set <type://Endpoint#host()> and `:authority` or `Host` header

Reviewer 2: How about
```
... now set  :authority or Host header whose value is different from <type://Endpoint#host()> using ...
- This will be useful when you want to send a request through proxy. For example:
```

  differently using <type://ClientBuilder#setHeader(CharSequence,Object)>. #4440 #4520
  ```java 
  WebClient
    // A request is sent to 'reverse-proxy.example.com'.
    .builder("http://reverse-proxy.example.com/")
    // but 'my-order.service.com' is used for the ':authority' header.
    .setHeader(HeaderNames.AUTHORITY, "my-order.service.com")
    ...
  ```
- <type://CircuitBreakerClient> can now be used with arbitrary <type://CircuitBreaker> implementations. #4426
- Added <type://Bytes> that represents binary data. #4505

> - You can now see the description of services in the overview of <type://DocService>. #4480 #4537

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now see the description of services in the overview section of <type://DocService>. #4480 #4537
```

- You can now override an authority of a gRPC client using `CallOptions`. #4445 #4520

## 📈 Improvements

- <type://DecodingClient> and <type://DecodingService> can now limit the maximum length of decompressed
  data. #4469 #4564

> - Replace `synchronized` blocks with <type://ReentrantLock> to make virtual thread friendly. #4551 #4549

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `synchronized` blocks are replaced with <type://ReentrantLock> for better compatibility with virtual thread. #4551 #4549
```
```suggestion
- `synchronized` blocks have been replaced with <type://ReentrantLock> for better virtual compatibility. #4551 #4549
```

- <type://ServiceSpecification> for <type://DocService> are lazily loaded so as not to block a <type://Server>
  from starting. #4491

## 🛠️ Bug fixes

- <type://HttpHeaders> set by <type://ClientBuilder#setHeader(CharSequence,Object)>,
  <type://ClientBuilder#setHeader(CharSequence,Object)> and their variants are now stored in
  <type://ClientRequestContext#defaultRequestHeaders()> which have the lowest priority and don't override the
  values in <type://RequestHeaders>.
  - Previously, the <type://HttpHeaders> set via <type://ClientBuilder> were stored in
    <type://ClientRequestContext#additionalRequestHeaders()> which may override the values in
    <type://RequestHeaders> #4440 #4520

> - Fixed a regression that `void` methods returns `200 OK` instead of `204 NoContent` if <type://@Produces> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression where `void` methods returns `200 OK` instead of `204 NoContent` if a <type://@Produces> 
```

  annotation is added. #4575
- Deleted uncompressed <type://DocService> assets that were added unintentionally. #4500 #4568
- An exception raised in <type://Authorizer> is now properly peeled using
  <type://Exceptions#peel(Throwable)>. #4567

> - You can now use the exception, which is raised in the decorator, to make a decision for retrying. #4559

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now use the exception raised in a decorator to make a decision for retrying. #4558 #4559
```

  <type://Exceptions#peel(Throwable)>. #4567

> - You can now use the exception raised in a decorator to make a decision for retrying. #4558 #4559

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exceptions raised in decorators can now be used to determine whether to retry in <type://RetryingClient>. #4558 #4559
```

> - Reversed HTTP/1.1 responses are now correctly ordered even when HTTP/1.1 pipelining is enabled. #4536 #4470

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reversed HTTP/1.1 responses are now correctly ordered when HTTP/1.1 pipelining is enabled. #4536 #4470
```

- `414 Request-URI Too Long` is now correctly returned for a long URI in HTTP/1.1. #4478 #4532

> - Fixed to propagate the cause of a decoder failure of an HTTP/1 request to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed to propagate the cause of a decoder failure of an HTTP/1.1 request to
```
or
`an HTTP/1.0 or HTTP/1.1 request`

Author: Let me just use HTTP/1.1 since we don't officially support HTTP/1.0.

- <type://CircuitBreakerClient> can now be used with arbitrary <type://CircuitBreaker> implementations. #4426
- Added <type://Bytes> that represents binary data. #4505
- You can now see the description of services in the overview section of <type://DocService>. #4480 #4537
- You can now override an authority of a gRPC client using `CallOptions`. #4445 #4520

## 📈 Improvements

- <type://DecodingClient> and <type://DecodingService> can now limit the maximum length of decompressed
  data. #4469 #4564
- `synchronized` blocks have been replaced with <type://ReentrantLock> for better virtual thread 
  compatibility. #4551 #4549
- <type://ServiceSpecification> for <type://DocService> are lazily loaded so as not to block a <type://Server>
  from starting. #4491

## 🛠️ Bug fixes

- <type://HttpHeaders> set by <type://ClientBuilder#setHeader(CharSequence,Object)>,
  <type://ClientBuilder#setHeader(CharSequence,Object)> and their variants are now stored in
  <type://ClientRequestContext#defaultRequestHeaders()> which have the lowest priority and don't override the
  values in <type://RequestHeaders>.
  - Previously, the <type://HttpHeaders> set via <type://ClientBuilder> were stored in

>     <type://ClientRequestContext#additionalRequestHeaders()> which may override the values in

Reviewer: past-tense since we are talking about the previous implementation

```suggestion
    <type://ClientRequestContext#additionalRequestHeaders()> which overrode the values in
```
